what is going on guys yep no set photos
today unfortunately they are filming at
Ground studios today on march six and
grants to do so long island new york
city so obviously paparazzi's were able
to get there and may take you know take
some pictures so no set pictures today
hopefully we'll get some tomorrow but
there's still some stuff i want to share
with you guys william spencer andrew
garfield stunt double who was stand up
on the amazing spider-man one and he's
also in jerz stunt double in the amazing
spider-man 2 and it was confirmed to
really bite this picture you know many
believe that this guy on the right is
actually Andrew up turn the picture
upside down that's not Andrew Dice
william spencer andrew garfield stand
rebel will also be his stunt double in
the amazing spider-man 2 now William
just posted this picture on his Facebook
not sure if it means anything maybe it's
a training some sort or something you
know but the guy obviously does some
stance and crazy work for the amazing
spider-man 2 right now this weekend last
week so no Marc Webb posted a new
production picture and he tagged the
picture bracelets now at first I thought
that's you know a web shooters wristband
at this part you know it looks like a
web shooters which then like the one
we've seen the amazing spider-man one
you know bracelets maybe it's electrodes
bracelets you know maybe it's some sort
of his weapon a part of his costume
maybe it's even a root a piece of wood
you know a wooden piece of something I
think it's related to web shooters since
the hashtag is breastless you know I'm
can't wait to see the new web shooters
obviously so yeah guys no set pictures
today hopefully we'll get some tomorrow
and I'm out for him
you